.TH tapi\-sdkdb 1 2019-08-02 Darwin "TAPI Tool Documentation"
.SH NAME
tapi\-sdkdb \- Generate SDKDB from SDKContent
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fItapi sdkdb\fR [options] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The sdkdb command creates a database containing all the interfaces from a SDK, 
both public and private, in JSON format. SDKDB contains information about 
symbols, Objective-C Classes, Objective-C Category, and Objective-C Protocol. 

.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\-action=<value>
.RS 4
Set SDKDB generation option: 'scan-interface', 'gen-public', 'gen-private' or 'all'.

scan-interface  - generates partial SDKDB containing information of RuntimeRoot, SDKContentRoot and PublicSDKContentRoot seperately. 
.br
gen-public      - generate full SDKDB from public interfaces. 
.br
gen-private     - generate full SDKDB from private interfaces. 
.br
all             - executes all options in sequence. 
.RE

.PP
\-arch <architecture>
.RS 4
Specify the architecture to build for.
.RE

.PP
\-\-config-file=<file>
.RS 4
Read configuration from <file>.
.RE

.PP
\-\-diagnostics-file=<file>
.RS 4
Write diagnostics to <file>.
.RE

.PP
\-dylibs\-only
.RS 4
Scan only Frameworks and UNIX libs.
.RE

.PP
\-D <value>
.RS 4
Define macro.
.RE

.PP
\-exclude-private-header <glob>
.RS 4
Exclude private header from parsing.
.RE

.PP
\-exclude-public-header <glob>
.RS 4
Exclude public header from parsing.
.RE

.PP
\-extra\-private\-header <path>
.RS 4
Add additional private header location for parsing.
.RE

.PP
\-extra\-public\-header <path>
.RS 4
Add additional public header location for parsing.
.RE

.PP
\-fmodules\-cache\-path=<directory>
.RS 4
Specify the module cache path.
.RE

.PP
\-fmodules\-validate\-system\-headers
.RS 4
Validate the system headers that a module depends on when loading the module.
.RE

.PP
\-fmodules
.RS 4
Enable the 'modules' language feature.
.RE

.PP
\-fno\-rtti
.RS 4
Disable generation of rtti information.
.RE

.PP
\-fobjc\-arc
.RS 4
Synthesize retain and release calls for Objective-C pointers.
.RE

.PP
\-fobjc\-weak
.RS 4
Enable ARC-style weak references in Objective-C.
.RE

.PP
\-fvisibility=<value>
.RS 4
Set the default symbol visibility for all global declarations.
.RE

.PP
\-F <value>
.RS 4
Add directory to framework include search path.
.RE

.PP
\-iframework <value>
.RS 4
Add directory to SYSTEM framework search path.
.RE

.PP
\-isysroot <dir>
.RS 4
Set the system root directory (usually /).
.RE

.PP
\-isystem <directory>
.RS 4
Add directory to SYSTEM include search path.
.RE

.PP
\-I <value>
.RS 4
Add directory to include search path.
.RE

.PP
\-\-load\-snapshot=<dir>
.RS 4
Specify the snapshot input directory.
.RE

.PP
\-no\-private\-headers
.RS 4
Disable private header scanning.
.RE

.PP
\-no\-public\-headers
.RS 4
Disable public header scanning.
.RE

.PP
\-ObjC++
.RS 4
Treat source input files as Objective\-C++ inputs.
.RE

.PP
\-ObjC
.RS 4
Treat source input files as Objective\-C inputs.
.RE

.PP
\-o <file>
.RS 4
Write output to <file>.
.RE

.PP
\-\-partial\-sdkdb\-list <filelist>
.RS 4
Partial SDKDB filelist path.
.RE

.PP
\-private\-headers
.RS 4
Enable private header scanning.
.RE

.PP
\-private\-umbrella\-header <path>
.RS 4
Specify the private umbrella header location.
.RE

.PP
\-public\-headers
.RS 4
Enable public header scanning.
.RE

.PP
\-\-public\-sdk\-content\-root <PublicSDKContentRoot>
.RS 4
Path to PublicSDKContentRoot.
.RE

.PP
\-public\-umbrella\-header <path>
.RS 4
Specify the public umbrella header location.
.RE

.PP
\-\-runtime\-root <RuntimeRoot>
.RS 4
Path to RuntimeRoot.
.RE

.PP
\-\-sdk\-content\-root <SDKContentRoot>
.RS 4
Path to SDKContentRoot.
.RE

.PP
\-\-snapshot\-dir=<dir>
.RS 4
Specify the snapshot output directory.
.RE

.PP
\-\-snapshot\-use\-own\-resource\-dir
.RS 4
Use our own resource directory.
.RE

.PP
\-\-snapshot
.RS 4
Force creation of a snapshot.
.RE

.PP
\-std=<value>
.RS 4
Language standard to compile for.
.RE

.PP
\-\-target=<value>
.RS 4
Generate code for the given target.
.RE

.PP
\-U <value>
.RS 4
Define/Undefine macro.
.RE

.PP
\-\-verify\-api
.RS 4
Verify the API of zippered frameworks.
.RE

.PP
\-version
.RS 4
Display the version.
.RE

.PP
\-v
.RS 4
Verbose output, show scan content and driver options.
.RE

.PP
\-Xparser <arg>
.RS 4
Pass <arg> to the clang parser.
.RE

.PP
\-x <language>
.RS 4
Treat subsequent input files as having type <language>.
.RE

.PP
\-help
.RS 4
Prints the list of options.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
tapi(1), ld(1)
