.TH tapi\-api\-verify 1 2019-08-02 Darwin "TAPI Tool Documentation"
.SH NAME
tapi\-api\-verify \- Perform comparison between frameworks 
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fItapi api-verify\fR [options] <comparsion config file>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
The api-verify command performs a comparison for the API/ABI between two framework directories
verifying there are no undefined symbols.

The \fBcomparison config file\fR is in YAML format and should contain the following components:
.PP
\fBRequired\fR
.RS 4
.PP
base 
.RS 4
Contains \fItarget\fR, \fIsysroot\fR, \fIframework path\fR and optionally, additional \fIframework\fR and \fIinclude paths\fR.
.RE

.PP
variant 
.RS 4
Follows the same structure as the base component.
.RE
.RE

\fBOptional\fR
.RS 4
.PP
skip-external-headers
.RS 4
Boolean to specify external headers.
.RE

.PP
diag-missing-api
.RS 4
Boolean to specify diagnosing missing api.
.RE

.PP
no-cascading-diagnostics  
.RS 4
Boolean to specify disabling cascading errors.
.RE

.PP
compare-private-header
.RS 4
Boolean to specify comparing private headers instead of public ones.
.RE

.PP
diag-depth
.RS 4
Integer to specify the depth of diagnostics (0 is ignored).
.RE

.PP
verifier-diag-style
.RS 4
APIVerifier Diagnostic Style, options are \fIsilent\fR, \fIwarning\fR or \fIerror\fR.
.RE

.PP
allowlist
.RS 4
allowlist YAML file
.RE
.RE

\fBExample File\fR
.br
---
.RS 4
.br
skip-external: false
.br
missing-api: true
.br
no-cascading-diags: true
.br
compare-private-headers: false
.br
diag-depth: 5
.br
allowlist: my-allowlist.yaml
.br
diag-style: warning

base:
.RS 4
target: x86_64-apple-macos10.15
.br
sysroot: /
.br
path: /System/Library/Frameworks/ExampleAKit.framework
.RE
variant:
.RS 4
target: x86_64-apple-ios13.0-macabi
.br
sysroot: /
.br
path: /System/Library/Frameworks/ExampleBKit.framework
.br
includes: 
.RS 4
- /usr/include
.RE
frameworks:
.RS 4
  - /System/Library/Frameworks
.br
  - /System/Library/PrivateFrameworks
.RE
.RE
.RE
\[char46]..
.RE


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\-x <language>
.RS 4
Treat subsequent input files as having type <language>

=c          -   C
.br
=c++        -   C++
.br
=objc       -   Objective-C
.br
=objc++     -   Objective-C++
.RE

.PP
\-Xparser <arg>
.RS 4
Pass <arg> to the clang parser.
.RE

.PP
\-std=<value>
.RS 4
Language standard to compile for.
.RE

.PP
\-v
.RS 4
Verbose output, show scan content and driver options.
.RE

.PP
\-help
.RS 4
Prints the list of options.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
tapi(1), ld(1)
